Document configuration parameters (#81)
containerbuildsystem/cachi2: docs/usage.md

4. set the environment variables ([Containerfile example](#write-the-dockerfile-or-containerfile))
5. run the build ([container build example](#build-the-container))

## Configuration

> There are several parameters with default values set. See the [config.py](cachi2/core/config.py) module for defaults.

Reviewer: The link is a 404: https://github.com/ejegrova/cachi2/blob/config_docs/docs/cachi2/core/config.py

I think it needs to be `../cachi2/core/config.py`

Configuration can be changed by using a config file:

```shell
 cachi2 --config-file config.yaml fetch-deps --source ./my-repo gomod
```

> Location of config file is in the root of the repository or use relative path to root. In the file you can set only specific parameters that you need to change.

Reviewer: > Location of config file is in the root of the repository

What do you mean by this? There is no default config file

> or use relative path to root

You can use any path you want, relative or absolute. And it would be relative to the current directory, not to to the repo root (the --source directory)

Author: I wanted to write where the file should be placed, but when I look at it now, I don't think it's necessary.

### Configuration parameters
* `default_environment_variables` - a dictionary where the keys
are names of package managers. The values are dictionaries where the keys
are default environment variables to set for that package manager and the
values are the environment variable values.
* `gomod_download_max_tries` - a maximum number of attempts for retrying go commands.
* `gomod_strict_vendor` - the bool to disable/enable the strict vendor mode. For a repo that has gomod dependencies, 
if the `vendor` directory exists and this config
  option is set to `True`, Cachi2 will fail the request.

> * `goproxy_url` - defines proxy server that must be used to download go dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `goproxy_url` - sets the value of the GOPROXY variable that Cachi2 uses internally when downloading Go modules. See [Go environment variables](https://go.dev/ref/mod#environment-variables).
```

4. set the environment variables ([Containerfile example](#write-the-dockerfile-or-containerfile))
5. run the build ([container build example](#build-the-container))

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this section best fits the `usage` doc... I think `usage` is more focused on practical usage guide, and this explanatory section feels out of place to me.

I'd argue this could fit into a section in the main README (right after basic usage), or maybe keep the small example as it currently is in the `basic usage` section and create a link to a standalone doc with the detailed explanation.

There are several parameters with default values set. See the [config.py](../cachi2/core/config.py) module for defaults.
Configuration can be changed by using a config file:

```shell
 cachi2 --config-file config.yaml fetch-deps --source ./my-repo gomod
```

>   In the file you can set only specific parameters that you need to change.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a note that the only accepted format is yaml?

### Configuration parameters
* `default_environment_variables` - a dictionary where the keys
are names of package managers. The values are dictionaries where the keys
are default environment variables to set for that package manager and the
values are the environment variable values.
* `gomod_download_max_tries` - a maximum number of attempts for retrying go commands.

> * `gomod_strict_vendor` - the bool to disable/enable the strict vendor mode. For a repo that has gomod dependencies, 
> if the `vendor` directory exists and this config
>   option is set to `True`, Cachi2 will fail the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `gomod_strict_vendor` - the bool to disable/enable the strict vendor mode. For a repo that has gomod dependencies, 
if the `vendor` directory exists and this config
  option is set to `True`, one of the [vendoring flags](gomod.md#vendoring) must be used.
```
missed this before - Cachi2 will fail the request only if you're not using one of the vendoring flags
